-----Captsone proposal #2: Covid information Website---------

For the second capstone project I would like to build a website that displays covid data utilizing common data visualization techniques. This project will be more front end focused with the main goal being the successful integration of the D3 javascript library and React as the front end framework.
The landing page for the website will be a world map showing world wide covid cases reported which will be represented on the map using either points on the map with a color ledger that corresponds to case numbers or circles with a radius that varies depending on case numbers. Users will have the ability to sign up or login which will give them access to a few drop down menues, one to pick a country and another for options on what data to visualize for the region that the user picked. Additional data like vaccination rates, covid theraputics and flu cases are examples of other types of data a user may choose to visualize for the region they specified. Additional information such as cases recovered and deaths will be displayed elsewhere on the page using other basic visualization techniques such as bar charts and/or line graphs.
Since my main focus for this project is front end specific I would like to keep the back end fairly simple. There will be a postgres database to manage users. There will be one table which stores users and their relevent login information. 
The data for this website will be coming from an api called disease.sh which is an api that collects covid data from various sources and creates endpoints that respond with very straighforward json. The data is updated regularly. 
I will build an express server that handles all requests to and responses from the disease.sh api and also handles login and signup routes. I will also build a model for the front end to connect with in order to keep the business logic and front end logic completely separate from eachother.
I think this project has quite a bit to cover, especially considering that I will be working with D3 which I will be learning in addition to the material covered in curriculum but if time permits I would also like to integrate the Google O auth api for user signup/login. This is the only stretch goal that I currently have in mind.    